Add logo (#329)
makinacorpus/django-mapentity: README.md

![logo-header.png](mapentity/static/images/logo-header.png)
# MapEntity

![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mapentity.svg)
[![CI](https://github.com/makinacorpus/django-mapentity/actions/workflows/python-ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/makinacorpus/django-mapentity/actions/workflows/python-ci.yml)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/makinacorpus/django-mapentity/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=lFNYhcVjuz)](https://codecov.io/gh/makinacorpus/django-mapentity)
![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%3E%3D%203.9-blue.svg)
![Django Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%3E%3D%204.2-green.svg)

> Mapentity is a CRUD framework for geospatial entities built with Django. It provide interface to manager geographic object over leaflet maps.

Author: ```suggestion
Mapentity is a CRUD framework for geospatial entities built with Django. It provides interface to manage geographic entities over leaflet maps.
```
